hi my name's anna lawson i'm food and
reviews writer at bbc good food
which means it's my job to test a lot of
products including new food and drinks
and doing equipment reviews and today
i'm very excited to be testing
chocolate gifts so chocolate selection
boxes and hampers
so i've got three different chocolate
selection boxes here from different
places
in different price points a lower medium
and more expensive
option so this one is the 27 pounds one
from letterbox gifts
which is obviously less box friendly and
then we've got the mid-range which is 50
pounds from chacoco chocolates which is
a dorset based company
and then the more expensive one which is
99 pounds 99 is from rococo chocolates
and it's
um the most expensive selection box so
i'm just going to move these ones and
start with the cheapest
so this one
is a nice letterbox friendly gift
from let's box gifts
there's hand wraps just for you just
quite cute
and it comes with a little card
it's really really nicely wrapped this
one
i'm just going to open that
[Applause]
and here's what you get inside
so that's a little thing that tells you
what's what's in there
um and then you've got
salted butter caramel milk chocolate
from amelia rope chocolate that sounds
delicious
luxury hot chocolate flakes
a golden bar milk chocolate with beads
of caramel unsalted toffee
and then a minty caramel 72 bar
and then a blonde a natural blonde
i just think this looks so nice like i'd
actually love to receive that as a gift
i'm a sucker for a blonde chocolate
which is basically like
caramelized white chocolate so i'm gonna
try that first if that's okay
it's um caramelized white chocolate so
blonde chocolate
that's from lococo chocolate
so i think all of these come from a
different chocolate producer in the
in this country which is nice that's
nice
it tastes quite um it has a bit of an
earthy taste
it's got coconut sugar in it maybe
that's why but yeah that's nice
i'm gonna try this one which is a 72
dark chocolate bar oh it's a raw dark
chocolate bar with a vegan caramel
filling sweetened with coconut blossom
nectar
and then i think it's got mint flavor
let's see what this is like so this is a
vegan one
dark chunks
and it's got like a caramel inside
you can taste that it's got the coconut
sugar it's got a slightly grainy
um texture but in quite a nice way
i'm slightly getting mint but then the
middle is caramel
i don't know if you can see considering
i don't usually like mint chocolate i
actually really like that
and it's vegan which you wouldn't be
able to tell
cool so i like that one i'm gonna clear
this and then get up the next one
so this is the middle middle priced one
which is 50 pounds and it's from a
company called chacoco
i have tried some of their things before
and i do really like them but i've never
tried i've never seen what's in this
hamper
[Applause]
i think it's an assortment of their best
sellers
yeah little message there to tell me
that
and then
[Applause]
and this is the box so it's a really
nice box
which has got little strings
tissue paper oh everything's
individually wrapped
i'm going to unwrap everything now and
lay it all out on the table
so i've got candied orange and dark
chocolate
dark chocolate with ginger
sea salt caramel chocolates
honeycomb and milk chocolate
milk chocolate drops
[Applause]
it's like christmas
dark chocolate coffee beans
and then got two i think two bars
here so we've got a
we've got a 70 madagascar dark chocolate
and then
[Music]
or a caramelized white chocolate started
with cocoa nibs
which looks really good so i think
everything looks really really nice i
love the packaging
um i'm pretty sure it's all eco-friendly
as well
um looks largely recyclable
really nice branding and you definitely
get more obviously in this one because
it's the medium
priced one at 50 pounds um than in the
previous
i'm very excited by this because i love
a caramelised white chocolate
and then the sea salt caramels look
delicious i'm going to open these
and these ones won the international
chocolate
awards
for british chocolates in 2017.
[Applause]
so these are like proper cute little box
of chocolates
and then they're really pretty
okay so i'm gonna try a sea salt caramel
i think i might
eat the whole thing so i don't know how
runny the caramel is
um so these are really delicious
the caramel is really liquidy i think
it's used as muscavado sugar which you
can taste
it's that it's that proper like
caramelized taste and nice amount of
salt not too salty
and really good quality chocolate i love
those they're delicious
so i'm gonna put these down i'm gonna
try something else i haven't had any
honeycomb
yet so it's handmade using local dorset
honey
and coated in venezuelan milk chocolate
sounds good yeah the packaging is
compostable which
i really rate
so instead of being like fully honeycomb
it's like bits
which i think is maybe nicer
big chunks really nice milk chocolate
creamy not too sweet it's definitely
nicely not too sweet to counteract with
the
honeycomb i really like that so i really
want to try this because
i really just love this kind of
chocolate
so again it's gold chocolate or blonde
chocolate which means kind of like a
caramelized white chocolate it's just
for me i think better than normal white
chocolate it just tastes
delicious
[Music]
so yeah again it's a really nice bar of
cocoa nibs and the packaging is
compostable
this looks really satisfying a lot
chunky
i'm into that
that's really good i love this kind of
chocolate
that's just really like caramel tasting
um i just think it's way better than
normal white chocolate
and this is a really satisfying texture
it really melts in your mouth
and it's got good bite i absolutely love
that
so then there's another good range of
things
um maybe for more adult palettes like
coffee wheat chocolate covered
coffee beans and dark chocolate with
ginger but i'm gonna
move on to the next one now
so this is the final one i'm excited to
see what's going to be in this because
it's 99 pounds 99 so i'm guessing
there's going to be
quite quite a lot of stuff in there this
one's from rococo chocolate
and it's called their chocolatiers
selection
[Music]
really really really nice box
so this is in a really really nice box
with a beautiful ribbon and looks
very impressive like
imagine receiving that as a gift i'd be
really really chuffed
i haven't opened it yet though so
oh
so this looks really really beautiful
and very exciting
these gorgeous champagne truffles look
lush
with a little bow and then we've got
chocolate almond olives so they actually
look like olives and they're again
really cutely tied up
espresso shots so they're like chocolate
covered um
like a coffee flavored bean thing a
really
chunky bit of soft italian nougat that
looks amazing obviously pistachio it's
green
and then we've got three bars a sea salt
a crystallised ginger
and a cardamom white chocolate that's
interesting i like the sound of that and
i love
the packaging and then i'm not sure
what's in here but just i guess just
selection yeah rococo english chocolate
selection
so what i'm really intrigued to try are
these chocolate almond olives
so these like properly look like little
[Music]
olives
really shiny
hmm there's an almond inside
and it's covered in a really nice thick
layer of dark chocolate
but not too dark not bitter or anything
i like that anyone who likes nuts like
chocolate covered nuts would like
those
and then i don't love champagne truffles
but they look amazing so if you do i'm
sure they're really good
i begin to try one of these bars be keen
to try cardamom and white chocolate
i think the packaging is really
beautiful
[Applause]
so
again this is all like recyclable so i
think that's good
it looks really nice got loads of proper
nibs in it don't know if that's just
cardamom enough it's got vanilla or
anything
in it satisfying chunky texture
good white chocolate very sweet
creamy very creamy
yeah and you do just get a hint of
cardamom
that's nice cool so now i've tried
all of these things i'm gonna get the
other two up and just
discuss my final verdict
okay so this is gonna be a really tough
one to call because they're all really
good
and i love chocolate and they all have
some really really delicious things in
them
um what i would say is this one is
actually a really really nice gift for
if you wanted to send something
not too expensive and that can go
straight through someone's letterbox
um it's got hot chocolate a few
different bars
from different producers around the
country and it is very sweet and
really really nicely wrapped so it would
make a really nice gift
this one there's some really tasty
things in in here
i love the gold uh blonde chocolate with
the cacao nibs
and honeycomb but then if you're more of
a dark chocolate lover there's loads in
there
and i like how all the packaging's
eco-friendly
and you get a lot of different things
and then this one
yes it is really expensive but it's
beautifully wrapped
everything is wrapped with a bow
everything's
really pretty i think if you're gonna go
for a blowout gift for maybe christmas
or a birthday for a real
lover of not just chocolate but
everything's sweet
um then you'd go for this one so it's
really really really hard
because i like them all if i really had
to pick i'd probably go for this one
just because i love that caramelized
white chocolate and i really like the
honeycomb and i like the fact it's all
quite eco-friendly
okay so absolutely love trying all that
chocolate watch out for my next video
where i'll be unboxing and reviewing
something else